REFLECTION
What Went Well: I felt more confident approaching this assignment compared to the last assignment as it felt more like a refresh of what we learned last semester. Especially after going to TA hours where the tutors helped us really break down the instructions, I felt that I actually understood the assignment and what was being asked of me. I also feel that my understanding of constructors was strengthened through this assignment. 

What Didn't Go Well: I was a bit confused as to when we were supposed to use ThreadLocalRandom as it wasn't super clear to me in the instructions that we would have to use it for other parts of the project beyond the given code. I think maybe clarifying that in the instructions may be helpful in the future. I also had an index out of bound error because in my getFitness method, I didn't realize that chromosome.size()-i would be out of bounds if i = 0. Thankfully, the TA was able to help me identify this mistake. Additionally, my i++ was flagged as dead code in the getFitness method because I added a return statement in my for loop that prevented the i from increasing, which my TA also helped explain to me.

What I Would Do Next Time: Overall, I think this assignment went more smoothly than the last one and I feel that I learned from my previous mistakes. Working on the assignment in TA hours even if I don't have a question was really helpful as I was able to collaborate with my peers, listen to others' questions, and have access to support in case a question came up. 